docs: fleshed out dedicated Architecture section (#4124)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/README.md

- [I want to lint my TypeScript codebase.](./linting/README.md)

> - [I want to develop an ESLint plugin in TypeScript.](./plugins/README.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [I want to develop an ESLint plugin in TypeScript.](./development/CUSTOM_RULES.md)
```
